>> Mike North: We're gonna use Ember CLI
in order to create some new routes.
And I'm gonna try to automate
this as much as possible.
We're trying to lean on Embers
opinions and conventions.
So that we can,
>> Mike North: Do as little work
as we have to.
So the first thing I wanna
run is ember g route,
and I'm gonna open up router.js, just so
we can see what's already in there.
Teams, so I want teams/LinkedIn.
That's how I want my URL to look like.
And internally when I'm creating link two,
or I'm calling transition two.
I want the name of that
route to be teams.team.
I could also do teams.show.
That something that indicates
this is a single team,
that's what this page is all about.
So ember g route teams/ team,
something like that, and
we can pass an argument called path and
this is gonna be the path within teams.
So I'm just going to say :teamId and
I'm going to put a colon before it.
The colon indicates that this is
what we call a dynamic segment.
It's a part of the URL that it's
gonna have like an ID in it or
something right from our diagram earlier.
This would be like the LinkedIn or
the Microsoft that string, which we
will need to use to make an API call.
So we're gonna get the route module,
we'll get the unit tests for the route.
And we can see that this nesting has
already been applied automatically.
This route has been
installed in the router.
We can go one level deeper, and
we can say I want teams/team/channel.
Right one more level of
nesting because remember,
it's almost like has many relationships.
If you've ever work with
a database before and
an object oriented database design
that has many relationships those also
kind of go down these nesting levels.
Our application has many teams,
a team has many channels, right?
Each of those also happens to have
turned into a layer of nesting.
Often ends up that way.
So we're gonna say channel ID.
>> Mike North: Great and
it's kinda oddly formatted.
Let me unroll it a little,
>> Mike North: Just so
we can talk about it
a little more effectively.
All right, so,
teams is gonna be like this.
Teams, and then anything after that.
And this is gonna be, go down here,
teams/(linkedin), and anything after that.
Sorry, that would be this one.
And then this would be
something like that.
So that is how the URL
nesting is applied here.
These are all in the context of
their parent and grandparent, etc.
But these are kind of URL's
that we are going to see.
So let's start, because we have the HBS
files for each of these routes let's start
to break up our team's HBS which has
a whole chat UI in it, currently.
So I'm gonna leave the team
selector in there, right?
Regardless of which team you're on
the selector to pick your team that should
remain there and switching between teams.
That's not gonna take down that sidebar.
So it's totally appropriate the team
selector should be in this.
Will make sure to put our outlet
here because that's where all
the rest of this content is gonna come
through by way of the child templates and
grab everything else and we're done.
So let's go to team hbs.
So here we're gonna wanna
leave just the team sidebar.
If you change channels,
which is what this team sidebars all about
it's the channel list and
then the logout button.
As you change channels we don't need to
tear that thing down and rerender it.
It's not getting swapped out for anything.
It's the other content.
It's the content to the right of
the sidebar, right, this outlet.
That's what's getting swapped out as we
go from channel to channel to channel.
So this is the appropriate template for
team.hbs.
And then finally,
channel hbs this is the lowest level and
we just have the rest here.
So, let's see what this looks
like as we play with it.
Teams, okay.
So we've landed on teams and
we can see that the sidebar is rendered,
we don't have any errors in our console,
right?
Everything looks okay.
But obviously the other
content is gone away.
So this is not really a valid URL for
this app anymore, right?
We need a team ID.
If you wanna show a chat UI,
we need to know which team and
which channel and there's really
nothing interesting to render
in the case that we're missing that data.
We'll deal with this in a moment.
But let's manually try to
figure out this for now.
So I wanna go teams/li and
now we've got LinkedIn.
So now, our team.hbs is being rendered.
Okay, still we're missing that channel.
And so we can't render
anything on the right, right?
This is also not a valid URL.
>> Mike North: But
if we put general here, now we're back.
Now this is the chat UI
that we've been working on.